Reword Authors.md and Contributing.md. (#6770)
geodynamics/aspect: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If you contributed a significant part of the manual (such as a new cookbook,
  benchmark, or subsection), you will be listed as one of the contributing
  authors of the manual.
- The Principal Developers of ASPECT meet regularly to discuss the direction
  of the project and to consider inviting new members to join the group of
  Principal Developers.
  New members are typically invited based on the following criteria:
  - A deep understanding of ASPECT's structure, design, and long-term vision;
  - A demonstrated commitment to advancing the project's goals and supporting
    the ASPECT community;
  - Meaningful contributions to ASPECT - not limited to source code, but also

>     including documentation, tutorials, benchmarks, or active engagement on the forum;

Reviewer: I found the double negation "not...but" hard to read. Perhaps this?
```suggestion
  - Meaningful contributions to ASPECT. These contributions may of course be to the to source code, but can also
    include documentation, tutorials, benchmarks, or active engagement on the forum;
```
